---
id: 126
title: So
date: 2008-09-16T13:06:56+00:00
author: sveri
layout: post
guid: http://blog.sveri.de/index.php?/archives/117-guid.html
permalink: /2008/09/16/so-4/
categories:
  - Taegliches
---
i tried to give TV another Chance today while i 
  
was eating my lunch.

I switched to BR alpha which advertises to be
  
education TV. So far so good.
  
When i switched a television series named  
&#8222;planet wissen&#8220; started.
  
Todays subject was violence among young people.

The most interesting part was the introductionary
  
sentence of one of the moderators, it was something
  
like:  
&#8222;Violence among young people grows everyday
  
and especially the brutality rises over the years
  
like we can see every day in the media.&#8220;

This is such a big bullshit. But this is a very good
  
example about how far our society has come.
  
We dont need no studies, no proofs, no scientists
  
anymore.
  
Media is the proof of it all. Reality is what media
  
serves you and nothing else.
  
This is the message that was sent by the series.
  
And this is what becomes truth more and more.

Some decades ago media was seen as the 4th 
  
power in germany besides judiciary, legislative
  
and politics. I believe this is how media
  
was seen in almost every industrial nation.

However, today media seems to become **the**
  
power. More and more with every day passing by.
  
There is a very nice and accurate song text
  
from the Gorillaz in their song: Demon Days:

Excerpt:  
&#8222;In these demon days it&#8217;s so cold inside
  
So hard for a good soul to survive
  
You can&#8217;t even trust the air you breath
  
Because Mother Earth wants us all to leave
  
When lies become reality
  
You numb yourself with drugs and TV&#8220;

This is what most of people seem to be doing
  
today. Even very intelligent and educated
  
human beings.

Enough rant for today.
  
Maybe it gets some ppl thinking about it&#8230;