---
id: 141
title: Rant
date: 2009-05-26T10:31:42+00:00
author: sveri
layout: post
guid: http://blog.sveri.de/index.php?/archives/132-guid.html
permalink: /2009/05/26/rant/
categories:
  - Linux
---
about Opensolaris.

Last night i decided to give Opensolaris 10.something a try.
  
Lets start with the install procedure, i wanted to place it on
  
a primary partition of my harddrive. On that drive i have two other
  
primary partitions and 4 logical partitions.

When it came to choose the install location i was really confused.
  
OS showed me just 3 Partitions and not 7. After a while of checking
  
partition sizes it came to me that it showed the 4 logical ones as
  
one whole partition, ok, a little bit disturbing, but not that much.

The rest of the install runs fine and smooth without much user interaction
  
or any problems.
  
Besides the fact that it behaves just like windows and overwrites the MBR
  
of the harddrive without asking for confirmation or something like that.

It recognized my windows install that i could boot later on, but not
  
my arch linux installation which i had to recover by hand after i shot
  
OS to the ground.

So i rebooted and was able to login to OS, but wait, what is that?
  
No connection to my lan? And with that no connection to the internet?
  
How is that?
  
Every fucking linux distribution is able to setup by DHCP network.
  
So i was looking around until i found out, there comes no driver for
  
my Marvell GB ethernet device with OS.
  
Oh wait, that is wrong, there is a driver, but it isn&#8217;t shipped with the
  
CD.

However, google is my friend and after downloading the appropriate driver
  
from marvell with my laptop, moving it to the usb stick and then to the 
  
OS installation i was able to install it &#8222;easily&#8220; with some mysterious
  
commands.

Ok, now that i have internet i wanted to check out the temperature
  
for my cpu. All i found was a mysterious dtrace solution which doesnt
  
work for some ASUS Mobos, which i had one. However, i didnt get
  
the script working anyways.

But, no problem, i dont need the temperature urgently, what i needed
  
was my data from my home partition or my backups which resided under
  
ext3 or ext4. 
  
Googling gave me the hint that these filesystems are not supported by
  
default and i had to install another driver by hand, just to get
  
ext2 support in \*read only\*.
  
Wow, in mid 2009, OS already has ext2 read only support?
  
That is crap.
  
The same for NTFS. 

Surely, Solaris or Opensolaris is a great server system
  
but for home use its nearly useless, at least for me.

It looked nice, but there are so many showstoppers that its
  
simply unuseable for me&#8230;